Mr. Qin is almost 60 years old
Three of my wives are dead, you asked me to marry him
It is your pleasure to marry Mr. Qin
Why don't you get up and kowtow to others to borrow the crime?
Perhaps there is still hope for these young historians
Dad, I am also your biological daughter.
Why are you doing this to me?
The daughter identified by our Ning family
Only your sister Ning Yunyan
Hurry up and go
I'm not leaving, I'm definitely not marrying
Pardon me?
You bastard
From Now On
The Ning family no longer has a daughter like you.
Dad! Dad!
Dad?
Grandpa
Why are you doing this to me? I'm your sister
Ha ha.
I just can't accept it.
We are obviously siblings
Why does mom only press you alone?
Left me alone with that jackal
Wolf, Tiger and Leopard's Ning Family
When I was making a fire and collecting rotten
Where is your good sister?
From Now On
With such a face
As long as I'd rather have one
Someone take it away from me
Miss, the person who was warm with you last night
It's not the gangster we're looking for at all.